Our project consists of the following major parts:
1. login
2. homepage
3. communicable diseases and mental health
4. road safety
5. pollution and chemical safety
6. Dr. chatbot
now , we will be discussing how the project works in detail
first install flutter and python. install all necessary flutter packages and python libraries as well.
(the front end is programmed in dart, while backend is programmed in python. the outputs which need to be dispalyed on maps are coded in html format)
in order to use front end dart with backend python, we are using Python REST API method , to upload python files to flask using the file python_connection.py, and then seperate dart programs call those python programs to run respectively , those dart files have same names as that of python files with .dart extension. also, those dart files retrieve the generated output of the python program and show it by displaying the html file thus generated by python code. 
LOGIN:
first, run login_maincode.dart for frontend user interface. for login, forgot password and sign up, the backend files - login.py, forgot_password.py and sign_up.py should be run respectively, to store and retrieve information in firebase database. for using firebase, we are using the serviceaccountkey.json file. incase of signup or forgot password, an otp will be sent to the email and after confirmation , you can login again. after successful login, homepage will open.
HOMEPAGE:
run homepage_grandfinal_modified_editted.dart for frontend user interface. it will show the homepage, which has many sections. clicking on the text bubbles, should open other dart files.
communicable diseases and mental health:
information on communicable diseases and prevention tips: run communicable_pg.dart
mental health resources and support: run mental_health_support_pg.dart
stress reduction techniques: run stress_reduction_pg.dart
nearest hospitals: run Nearest_Hospitals.py and it will generate an HTML page. run that file to see the output.
Nearest hospital route: run hosital_route.py
ROAD SAFETY:
nearest hospitals and nearest hospital route same way.
accident reporting: run accident report.dart to display frontend user interface. run the python files under accident report folder , which will handle all the backend job like retrieving current location, storing location and details of incident?accident in database,etc)
weather status: run app.py in weather status folder.
school zones: run app.py in school zones folder.
safety driving tips and awareness campaigns: run safe_drivingTips_awarenessCampaigns_pg.dart
information on sustainable transportation: run info_Sustainable_transportation_pg.dart
POLLUTION AND CHEMICAL SAFETY:
AQI Index: run AQI.py
Chemical factory marking: run chemical_storage_facility.py
emergency service locator: run emergency_service_locator.dart for frontend user interface to show further options. run all the python files in emergency service locator respectively.
green spaces: run green_spaces.dart for frontend user interface to show further options. run all the python files in green spaces respectively.
industrial areas: run app.py in industrial areas folder.
nearest hospital and nearest hospital route are same as previous ones earlier in other sections.
tips for reducing personal environmental impact: run reducing_personal_env_impact_pg.dart
guidelines for handling hazardous chemicals and resources for chemical safety education: safeguarding_Health_envnm_pg.dart
DR CHATBOT:
run the dart file chatbot.dart for opening chatbot, and run chatbot_convo_sample.dart to converse with chatbot in chatbot folder for frontend user interface. run  chat_bot.py for backend processing. the database for the chatbot is in csv files under the chatbot/chatbot/GDSC-chatbot-demo folder itself.
this covers all the important points which can serve as a guidance for running the code.
